# packages in environment at /mnt/home1/ahringer/qf222/anaconda3/envs/qf:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.3.2              h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
attr                      2.5.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
bamtools                  2.5.2                hd03093a_0    bioconda
bedtools                  2.30.0               h468198e_3    bioconda
bowtie                    1.3.1            py39hd400a0c_1    bioconda
bowtie2                   2.4.5            py39hd2f7db1_2    bioconda
brotli                    1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
bwa                       0.7.17               h7132678_9    bioconda
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7f98852_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.18.1               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2022.6.15            ha878542_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            ha61ee94_1011    conda-forge
certifi                   2022.6.15        py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
curl                      7.83.1               h7bff187_0    conda-forge
cutadapt                  4.0              py39hbf8eff0_0    bioconda
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               h5008d03_3    conda-forge
dnaio                     0.9.0            py39hbf8eff0_0    bioconda
docopt                    0.6.2                      py_1    conda-forge
expat                     2.4.8                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
fastqc                    0.11.9               hdfd78af_1    bioconda
fftw                      3.3.10          nompi_h77c792f_102    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.0               h8e229c2_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.33.3           py39hb9d737c_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.4               h0708190_1    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          h73d1719_1008    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                h36c2ea0_2    conda-forge
gnu-parallel              20161122                      1    au-eoed
graphite2                 1.3.13            h58526e2_1001    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.20.2               hcf0ee16_0    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.20.2               hd4edc92_1    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  4.3.0                hf9f4e7c_0    conda-forge
hicup                     0.8.3                hdfd78af_0    bioconda
htslib                    1.15.1               h9753748_0    bioconda
icu                       70.1                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
idr                       2.0.4.2          py39h5371cbf_6    bioconda
igv                       2.13.1               hdfd78af_0    bioconda
igvtools                  2.5.3                hdfd78af_1    bioconda
isa-l                     2.30.0               ha770c72_4    conda-forge
jack                      1.9.18            hfd4fe87_1001    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   h166bdaf_1    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.2            py39hf939315_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.19.3               h3790be6_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.12                 hddcbb42_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.36.1               hea4e1c9_2    conda-forge
ldc                       1.28.1               hcf88599_0    conda-forge
lerc                      3.0                  h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           14_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
libcap                    2.64                 ha37c62d_0    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           14_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libclang                  14.0.4          default_h2e3cab8_0    conda-forge
libclang13                14.0.4          default_h3a83d3e_0    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                hf5a7f15_1    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.83.1               h7bff187_0    conda-forge
libdb                     6.2.32               h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.10                 h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_1    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.10               h9b69904_4    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libflac                   1.3.4                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libgcc                    7.2.0                h69d50b8_2    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 12.1.0              h8d9b700_16    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            12.1.0              h69a702a_16    conda-forge
libgfortran5              12.1.0              hdcd56e2_16    conda-forge
libglib                   2.70.2               h174f98d_4    conda-forge
libgomp                   12.1.0              h8d9b700_16    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.16                 h516909a_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           14_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm12                 12.0.1               hf817b99_2    conda-forge
libllvm14                 14.0.4               he0ac6c6_0    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.47.0               h727a467_0    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.0                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libogg                    1.3.4                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.20          pthreads_h78a6416_0    conda-forge
libopus                   1.3.1                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               h21135ba_2    conda-forge
libpq                     14.3                 hd77ab85_0    conda-forge
libsndfile                1.0.31               h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               ha56f1ee_2    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              12.1.0              ha89aaad_16    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.4.0                h0fcbabc_0    conda-forge
libtool                   2.4.6             h9c3ff4c_1008    conda-forge
libudev1                  249                  h166bdaf_2    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h7f98852_1000    conda-forge
libvorbis                 1.3.7                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.2.2                h3452ae3_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.2                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              1.0.3                he3ba5ed_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.14               h22db469_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.12               h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.3                h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
macs2                     2.2.7.1          py39hbf8eff0_4    bioconda
matplotlib                3.5.2            py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.5.2            py39h700656a_0    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
mysql-common              8.0.29               haf5c9bc_1    conda-forge
mysql-connector-c         6.1.11            h6eb9d5d_1007    conda-forge
mysql-libs                8.0.29               h28c427c_1    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.3                  h27087fc_1    conda-forge
nspr                      4.32                 h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
nss                       3.78                 h2350873_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.22.4           py39hc58783e_0    conda-forge
openjdk                   11.0.9.1             h0750383_2    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.4.0                hb52868f_1    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1q               h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
packaging                 21.3               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.4.2            py39h1832856_2    conda-forge
pango                     1.50.7               hbd2fdc8_0    conda-forge
pbzip2                    1.1.13                        0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.45                 h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          2_h7f98852_perl5    conda-forge
pigz                      2.6                  h27826a3_0    conda-forge
pillow                    9.1.1            py39hae2aec6_1    conda-forge
pip                       22.1.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.40.0               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
pulseaudio                14.0                 hbc9ff1d_7    conda-forge
pybigwig                  0.3.18           py39h792ddb7_2    bioconda
pyparsing                 3.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.15.4           py39h18e9c17_1    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 12.9.0           py39h5a03fae_1    conda-forge
pysam                     0.19.1           py39h5030a8b_0    bioconda
python                    3.9.13          h9a8a25e_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-isal               0.11.1           py39h3811e60_1    conda-forge
python_abi                3.9                      2_cp39    conda-forge
pytz                      2022.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
qt-main                   5.15.3               hf97cb25_2    conda-forge
r-base                    3.2.2                         0  
readline                  8.1                  h46c0cb4_0    conda-forge
sambamba                  0.8.2                h98b6b92_2    bioconda
samtools                  1.15.1               h1170115_0    bioconda
scipy                     1.8.1            py39he49c0e8_0    conda-forge
setuptools                62.3.2           py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
sip                       6.5.1            py39he80948d_2    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.38.5               h4ff8645_0    conda-forge
tbb                       2020.2               h4bd325d_4    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h27826a3_0    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.1              py39hb9d737c_3    conda-forge
trim-galore               0.6.7                hdfd78af_0    bioconda
tzdata                    2022a                h191b570_0    conda-forge
ucsc-bedgraphtobigwig     377                  ha8a8165_3    bioconda
ucsc-bedsort              377                  ha8a8165_4    bioconda
unicodedata2              14.0.0           py39hb9d737c_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xopen                     1.5.0            py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
xorg-fixesproto           5.0               h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-inputproto           2.3.2             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             hd9c2040_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.7.2                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            5.0.3             h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.7.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h7f98852_1003    conda-forge
xorg-libxtst              1.2.3             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-recordproto          1.14.2            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h516909a_1    conda-forge
yapc                      0.1                        py_0    bioconda
zlib                      1.2.12               h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                h8a70e8d_1    conda-forge
